= redmine_ics_export (redmics)

Plug-in for Redmine (http://www.redmine.org/) to export project issues and versions as ICalendar (ICS) files.
The plug-in also exposes a webcal address for subscription to the ICS calendar view 

This plug-in requires Redmine 4.x.

== Licence

GPL v2

== Requirements

This plug-in requires icalendar 2.5 (https://github.com/icalendar/icalendar).

== Installation

   cd /opt/redmine/plugins
   git clone https://github.com/buschmais/redmics.git redmine_ics_export
   cd /opt/redmine
   bundle install --without development test

The plug-in directory has to be "redmine_ics_export" - otherwise Redmine will show a 404 page when opening the ticket list. 

Please *do* *not* install the plug-in neither into +redmine/lib/plugins+ nor into +redmine/vendor/plugins+. 
This is not supported and may cause issues with your Redmine installation.

== Older Redmine version

Please checkout branches +redmine_2+ or +redmine_3+ for the corresponding Redmine version.


== Using redmics

The plugin redmics exposes an ICS calendar view of your Redmine issues at a specific webcal address. The webcal address can be used to subscribe to the ICS calendar from other applications. 
For example, to subscribe to an ICS webcal with Mozilla Thunderbird 78.3.1, do the following:

1. Log-in to your Redmine user account
2. In Redmine, go to "Projects" -> "Gantt". In the ICal sidebar, left-click on one of the options to get the webcal address displayed in the address bar of the web browser.
3. Run Mozilla Thunderbird
4. In Mozilla Thunderbird, open the calendar tab (main menu -> "Events and Tasks").
5. In the left side panel, left-click on the button with a plus symbol icon ("New calendar…"). Select source: "Network" -> "Next". Select format: iCalendar (ICS). In the address field, enter +webcal://<webcal-address>+ (replace the placeholder +<webcal-address>+ with the webcal address from step 2). Left-click "Next". Enter a calendar name.
